Now that we practice these basics let's dive deeper into this single page application aspect.
We already do create a single page application because we only have one page does in this age HTML file
but we need some routing just like we had it in the avor modules to see how we can actually give the
user the impression of switching between pages before doing that though.
Let's again work with a bit more components so I'll add new components and I'll show you a way I haven't
used before in the terminal and that's just a normal terminal here.
Integrate it into my ear.
We can use the angler's Seelye with Engy to generate new components for us the commanders energy generate
then component or a shortcut and G G C and then the name of the component.
So here let's say the thing I want to create is a user component so name it.
User what this will do is it will create a new folder here with all these files it automatically uses
this external HDMI an external source as file approach.
It also gives us this testing file which you may remove for now and that gives us some boilerplate you
may ignore this on in a thing that's kind of for advanced concept we don't need it here.
So I'll simply get rid of it and you could leave it there.
It wouldn't hurt you.
I don't need to constructor too.
So that's my basic component here.
And as you see it just outputs user works here.
Now that was a quick and easy way and one other thing that I did for you is it added user component
and import to your app module so that you can forget this.
So that's a nice and easy way of using these Seelye for generating components.
Now let's work with that component.
And let's actually create a number one.